README.md, before:

`plex-refresh` is a small Node application acts as a web hook to facilitate refreshing a Plex server.

### Why?

[Sonarr](https://github.com/Sonarr/Sonarr) supports [Plex](http://plex.tv) notifications out of the box, so you may want to know my rationale for this project.

For some reason, using built in Plex notifications caused [an issue](https://github.com/Sonarr/Sonarr/issues/1093) with my setup where the triggered refresh would __remove__ items from my Plex library. Thankfully, Plex scanner has a [command line interface](https://support.plex.tv/hc/en-us/articles/201242707-Plex-Media-Scanner-via-Command-Line), so I thought it would be a nice simple project for me to try Node.

### Installing the app

First clone the repository:

```bash
$ git clone https://github.com/squarefrog/plex-refresh.git
```

Then install the dependencies:

```bash
$ cd plex-refresh
$ npm install
```

### Edit the `app.js` file

At the top of `app.js` there are some variables that you may want to tweak to setup `plex-refresh` for your setup.

```node
var port = 3001;
var plex_location = '/Applications/Plex\\ Media\\ Server.app/Contents/MacOS/Plex\\ Media\\ Scanner';
var movie_section = 1;
var tv_section = 2;
```

You can request section numbers directly from Plex Media Scanner using:

```bash
path/to/Plex\ Media\ Scanner --list
```

### Starting on login

The easiest way I could get this starting on login was to use [`forever`](https://github.com/foreverjs/forever) in conjuction with Automator.

```bash
npm install forever -g
```
Open `PlexRefreshStarter.app` in Automator, and edit the path to where you have cloned this repo, then save the file.

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github.com/squarefrog/plex-refresh/raw/master/images/01-automator.png" alt="Automator" />
</p>

Now set the application to start on login. Open `System Preferences > Users & Groups > Login Items` and add it to the Login Items list.

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github.com/squarefrog/plex-refresh/raw/master/images/02-login-item.png" alt="Login Item" />
</p>

### Setting up the web hook

To use the app simply send a `POST` request to either `/update_movies' or '/update_shows'.

### Suggestions?

As this is the first Node app I've created, theres a strong possibility that theres a better way of doing things. If you have any suggestions for cleaner code or a more appropriate way of performing this function, feel free to [open an issue](https://github.com/squarefrog/plex-refresh/issues/new).

Commit message:

Add root status page endpoint

README.md, after:

`plex-refresh` is a small Node application acts as a web hook to facilitate refreshing a Plex server.

### Why?

[Sonarr](https://github.com/Sonarr/Sonarr) supports [Plex](http://plex.tv) notifications out of the box, so you may want to know my rationale for this project.

For some reason, using built in Plex notifications caused [an issue](https://github.com/Sonarr/Sonarr/issues/1093) with my setup where the triggered refresh would __remove__ items from my Plex library. Thankfully, Plex scanner has a [command line interface](https://support.plex.tv/hc/en-us/articles/201242707-Plex-Media-Scanner-via-Command-Line), so I thought it would be a nice simple project for me to try Node.

### Installing the app

First clone the repository:

```bash
$ git clone https://github.com/squarefrog/plex-refresh.git
```

Then install the dependencies:

```bash
$ cd plex-refresh
$ npm install
```

### Edit the `app.js` file

At the top of `app.js` there are some variables that you may want to tweak to setup `plex-refresh` for your setup.

```node
var port = 3001;
var plex_location = '/Applications/Plex\\ Media\\ Server.app/Contents/MacOS/Plex\\ Media\\ Scanner';
var movie_section = 1;
var tv_section = 2;
```

You can request section numbers directly from Plex Media Scanner using:

```bash
path/to/Plex\ Media\ Scanner --list
```

### Starting on login

The easiest way I could get this starting on login was to use [`forever`](https://github.com/foreverjs/forever) in conjuction with Automator.

```bash
npm install forever -g
```
Open `PlexRefreshStarter.app` in Automator, and edit the path to where you have cloned this repo, then save the file.

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github.com/squarefrog/plex-refresh/raw/master/images/01-automator.png" alt="Automator" />
</p>

Now set the application to start on login. Open `System Preferences > Users & Groups > Login Items` and add it to the Login Items list.

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github.com/squarefrog/plex-refresh/raw/master/images/02-login-item.png" alt="Login Item" />
</p>

### Setting up the web hook

`plex-refresh` has three main endpoints:

- `POST /update_movies` - will trigger a refresh of your `Movies` section
- `POST /update_shows` - will trigger a refresh of your `TV Shows` section
- `GET /` - will tell you the last time each section was refreshed by the application

In your media organiser of choice, simply add a new web hook with the relevant endpoint. For example, in Sonarr, I use the following to refresh `TV Shows` when a file has been processed:

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github.com/squarefrog/plex-refresh/raw/master/images/03-sonarr.png" alt="Sonarr Web Hook" />
</p>

### Suggestions?

As this is the first Node app I've created, theres a strong possibility that theres a better way of doing things. If you have any suggestions for cleaner code or a more appropriate way of performing this function, feel free to [open an issue](https://github.com/squarefrog/plex-refresh/issues/new).
